Welcome to this Javascript bootcamp, where you will be able to dive into Javascript really
quickly or if you already have the Javascript basics, go into individual topics and broad your
knowledge, train it again, really go deep into Javascript.
I chose a format which you will see in one of the next lectures where I'm sure I'm able to highlight
individual topics and get you to understand those topics really quickly and therefore share my knowledge
really efficiently
but on what will I actually share my knowledge?
Well I've got a lot of course content.
We'll start the basics; variables, functions, operators, types and so on,
so all the basics that make up Javascript and I will do this in a very condensed and comprehensive
way so that if you're brand new to Javascript, you will be able to get started with it really quick and
understand the core building parts of Javascript.
Thereafter we'll have a detailed look at types and how Javascript scope works.
Then we'll have a look at arrays since they are kind of a special type or a special object in Javascript
and we'll use arrays quite a lot and Javascript offers a lot of useful functions too in conjunction with arrays
.
Then we'll have a look at Javascript objects which is a very important module since Javascript objects
or this object oriented code in Javascript is a big part of Javascript and also something people
sometimes struggle with
but you will learn it's really easy
and here we will dive into creating objects, using them and what prototypes are and so on,
so a really cool module, I'm really looking forward to that.
Sometimes though, code just doesn't run the way you want it to run, therefore I'll then follow this up with a
module on errors and debugging which shows you how to debug your code, how to find what's causing an
error and how to fix it of course.
Thereafter, it's time to have a look at functions.
Now I'm doing this in the basics module but there are some advanced topics or a little bit more advanced
topics and therefore this functions module is there to pick up on those topics and dive deeper into functions.
Once we're familiar with functions, it's time to have a look at some built-in functions and objects, so
some built-in helpers Javascript offers you and some things you will probably also use quite a
lot throughout your applications.
And then it's finally time to have a look at the DOM, the document object model,
so how to actually work with the webpage you're on, how to interact with elements, add new elements, change
elements, how to interact with the window, change the location of the webpage and so on.
So a really cool and core module here which will also use all the basics, all the things you learned
in other modules before to then apply all that on a real page.
But of course changing the DOM and so on is cool but it's not all,
you also oftentimes need to react to events,
this is why I'll have a whole module on events which shows you how to listen to events with different
approaches, how to handle user events and how events behave and how you can change this
behavior.
That's before we'll have a look at Ajax which basically means sending HTTP requests from Javascript,
so without leaving the page or reloading the page, a really important topic which is used in almost any
modern web application which is some kind of live reloading feature which means reloading content without
reloading the page
and that's what you need Ajax for.
And since learning all that is great and you will get tons of examples throughout these modules,
it's also great and very important to have a project where those things come together and where you can see
how they work with each other.
That is why I'll have a little project at the end where we can see a lot of the things you learned throughout
the course and if that's not enough for you, you'll also find additional information on third-party libraries
and so on,
so some additional content which should really help you get started with Javascript and continue your
journey with it and dive deeper and deeper into it and write cool applications at the end.